README.md, before:

# MaDiEn

> Maze Display Engine

Part of a [raycasting game](https://github.com/IOKG04/Maze) I'm working on, that I thought would make sense to split off so I can use it for other things too.

Just so no one is confused about the naming, `MaDiEn` is just the first two letters of each of the three words it stands for, and it is pronounced the same as said words (so `medɪɛn` in IPA if I'm not mistaken).

## Goals

The goal of this project is to have a graphics engine for the terminal.  
As of currently, that specifically means *my* terminal, though I intend on making it more accessible once I have finished everything.

The engine should incoorporate anything from sprites to post processing effects once it is done. More specifically, these are the goals:  
- [ ] Buffers
  - [x] Displaying a buffer in the terminal
    - [x] Enabling (true) color
  - [x] Combining buffers in different ways
    - [x] Transparency
  - [ ] Other kinds of buffers / specialized buffers
    - [x] Text fields
    - [ ] Number fields
    - [ ] Frameing buffers
  - [ ] Loading sprite data from image files (.qoi probably)
- [ ] Post processing

Commit message:

vALPHA.0.0 cleanup
ready for release now. I hope you guys like it :3

README.md, after:

# MaDiEn

> Maze Display Engine

Part of a [raycasting game](https://github.com/IOKG04/Maze) I'm working on, that I thought would make sense to split off so I can use it for other things too.

Just so no one is confused about the naming, `MaDiEn` is just the first two letters of each of the three words it stands for, and it is pronounced the same as said words (so `medɪɛn` in IPA if I'm not mistaken).

## Integrating MaDiEn into your project

I'd suggest two ways (though there are probably more):  
1. Copy the `src/` directory into your projects sources (probably under a different name like `madien/` or `MaDiEn/`) and then just compile it as you would any other part of your project.
2. Run `make` and copy the contents of the `bin/` folder into your source. It will include the header files as well as a static library, which you can link to.

I hope youre okay with adjusting the code, cause thus far I have only tested it on my machine.  
If you do make modifications that you feel are worth sharing, no ones stopping you from forking this repository (the `master` branch if possible) and making a pull request. In fact, I'd be happy if you did that :3

## Goals

The goal of this project is to have a graphics engine for the terminal.  
As of currently, that specifically means *my* terminal, though I intend on making it more accessible once I have finished everything.

The engine should incoorporate anything from sprites to post processing effects once it is done. More specifically, these are the goals:  
- [ ] Buffers
  - [x] Displaying a buffer in the terminal
    - [x] Enabling (true) color
  - [x] Combining buffers in different ways
    - [x] Transparency
  - [ ] Other kinds of buffers / specialized buffers
    - [x] Text fields
    - [ ] Number fields
    - [ ] Frameing buffers
  - [ ] Loading sprite data from image files (.qoi probably)
- [ ] Post processing
